Hey, look at this!
Isn't it awesome?
Nice.
Kazahaya High School
Are you free later?
Yeah.
Kazahaya High School
Want to go karaoke?
Yeah!
Seriously, no way.
Fire Hydrant
I felt so bad.
Library
Lending
Reception
Returns
Anyway, and then he sent me a LINE message.
Really?
Oh, man. That's hilarious.
Right?
I wish he would stop having the wrong idea.
This is usually my favorite spot after
school, since no one comes here.
I can't stand those types of girls.
I'm never going to have anything
to do with that species.
I'll get my homework done and go home.
Keep quiet. Set phones on silent.
Currently Away
I can't!
This is taking forever.
Where's Yukko, anyway?
She's not reading my messages on LINE.
Ew, he messaged me again.
That's hilarious!
Do you have any pictures or anything?
I do.
One second.
He's so persistent.
See? Isn't he pretty iffy?
He is!
You know, though... Look at that.
Oh, yeah.
Right?
For sure.
Don't let them get to you!
Stay calm...
Stay calm.
Oh, yeah. Toro-chan, where's that
book you were talking about?
It's on the shelves in the back.
Stay calm...
My eraser!
S-Sorry.
Oh, God!
Look at this!
What?
What is it?
Look at these.
"I'll protect you!"
So badass.
Relax.
Keep calm... Keep calm...
Man, this is so sketch.
It's better than Two Piece.
Nah, don't diss Two Piece.
This doesn't even come close.
That's true!
Yukko says she's at the family
restaurant by the station.
Let's go!
Hayacchi, are you coming with?
Later.
Seriously? Do you have a thing for weirdos?
So apparently Yuka's
boyfriend is good-looking.
I can't wait to see him.
Same!
I'm a first-year.
Are you a second-year?
Yeah.
You're my senpai, then.
"A skilled swordsman lacking
in life skills: Siegfried!"
Senpai is a bit...
"A skilled swordsman lacking
in life skills: Siegfried!"
"He fights alongside Elizabeth,"
Senpai is a bit...
"a beautiful knight from an enemy nation
and defeats the Demon Lord."
Senpai is a bit...
"a beautiful knight from an enemy nation
and defeats the Demon Lord."
"But they're ambushed by soldiers from
the kingdom on their return voyage."
"Siegfried and Elizabeth
barely make it out alive."
"He knows that his love for
her will never be requited,"
"and yet, he protects her with his life."
Stay calm!
So basically, Siegfried is you, isn't he?
N-No, not really...
You projected yourself onto
this unfortunate swordsman,
who slowly grows closer
to this beautiful knight.
I...
who slowly grows closer
to this beautiful knight.
I...
Oh, no. I don't mean to laugh
at your creativity, Senpai.
But, you know...
I feel sorry for you and Siegfried.
Y-You feel sorry?
Like this part.
Slide
I...
Eliza-beth...
This is pretty easy to understand.
Slide
I...
Eliza-beth...
Fwoosh
Slip
"I live only through combat!"
"I have long abandoned my womanhood!"
Slip
What?!
"Preposterous."
You are beautiful.
What?!
No, I won't laugh.
Siegfried is your double, after all.
S-So what do you mean, you feel sorry?
You don't get it?
All right!
Let's do this together.
I've never used a sword or
anything, so let's use these.
These?
"I live only through combat!"
"I have long abandoned my womanhood!"
What?!
You are beautiful.
Prepos-
terous.
You're telling me to do that?!
See? See?
See what happens?
See how you react?
There's no way you're enough of a badass
to pull off something this slick!
No,
I...
There's no way you're enough of a badass
to pull off something this slick!
Not your virgin-looking ass, Senpai!
You're nothing like that!
Senpai, why are you looking away?
You're supposed to look a person in the eye
when they're talking to you, aren't you?
Senpai, you're kind of...
Actually, you're really...
kind of creepy!
Huh? Are you crying, Senpai?
I'm not...
No...
You can have that.
Sorry for messing with you.
Bye, Senpai.
A first-year girl made me cry.
Senpai, don't you ever get angry?
Huh? Are you crying, Senpai?
You're supposed to look a person in the eye!
Creepy!
Pfft!
That night, I heard her taunting voice
in my head over and over.
I couldn't sleep.
Art Room
Senpai.
'Sup?
Huh? Are you in the art club?
I washed it.
This was for you to have.
Bye.
Wh-Why are you in here?
Are you the only one here?
Does that mean we're alone together?
Senpai?
L-Leave if you have no reason to be here.
You're so cold, Senpai.
I'll model for you, Senpai.
You don't need to.
That's not what I feel like drawing.
What about this, then?
Should we try something a bit sexy?
I bet that's your thing.
That's not true!
A girl shouldn't be so
quick to show her skin!
What? You'd draw a nude model?
Oh, all right.
Fine!
I'll draw you!
Normally!
Something normal!
You're so funny, Senpai.
"Normally! Something normal!"
W-Want to take a break?
You've been acting sus this whole time.
Don't tell me you haven't drawn anything.
N-No, I was trying to
figure out your outline.
What do you expect?
I've never stared at a girl head-on before.
Senpai.
If you can finish drawing me
properly, I'll give you a reward.
Wh-What reward?
That's a secret.
Come on! You can do this, Senpai!
You can do this, Senpai!
I don't really care for a reward, but I've
been drawing ever since I was little.
You can do this, Senpai!
I don't really care for a reward, but I've
been drawing ever since I was little.
You can do this, Senpai!
I don't really care for a reward, but I've
been drawing ever since I was little.
You can do this, Senpai!
I don't really care for a reward, but I've
been drawing ever since I was little.
You can do this, Senpai!
I don't really care for a reward, but I've
been drawing ever since I was little.
You can do this, Senpai!
If I remain calm, I can draw her!
I see.
This is you giving it your all, huh?
Y-Yeah, I guess.
Okay, as promised!
Reward time!
Close your eyes.
Wh-Why?
Just do it.
Y-You have to tell me why—
Just do it!
N-No way.
A k-kiss?!
What's with that face?!
You didn't think I was going
to kiss you, did you?!
Did you really think you deserve a
reward for this? Are you kidding?
You haven't drawn me properly at all!
Especially this area!
Were you too embarrassed
to draw a girl's thighs?
You're beet red, Senpai!
And then you made a funny face,
expecting a kiss.
I-I didn't.
You're kind of funny, Senpai.
A-Are you done?
Go home if you're satisfied.
I don't know...
It's fun observing you.
Wh-What's that supposed to mean?
Your eyelids are twitching, Senpai.
M-M-My eye's just itchy.
Are you going to cry again?
G-Go home!
Wh-What are you doing?
S-Stop... Stop it!
Senpai, I thought you were a guy.
You're so weak.
I'm sorry, Senpai.
I had to mess with you again.
You didn't mess with me.
Stop crying, Senpai.
I'm not c-crying.
I've never cried in public before.
This first-year made me cry again.
Draw me properly next time, Senpai.
I'll give you a huge reward.
I d-don't want a reward.
Senpai! Senpai! Senpai!
Why do we have the same route home?
Senpai!
Wh-What?
There's something I wanted to ask you.
I know this is weird,
since we've only just met...
Please go out with me.
B-But w-wait...
Th-Th-This is so sudden...
Psych!
Psych! Psych! Psych!
I'm kidding, Senpai!
Stop it!
Why would you take me seriously?
Did you really think a
girl would ask you out?
I-I knew you were kidding.
Are you sure?
I was only surprised because
it came out of nowhere.
Uh-huh.
You're just toying with me
for the fun of it, miss.
"Miss"?
You're so gross!
He's light.
Sorry.
I-It's not a big deal.
Don't you ever get angry, Senpai?
I've been pretty horrible to you.
She's right.
She's the same as the others.
Hey, master.
Show me your new manga, sir!
It's always been like this for me.
I know how to deal with it.
Look away, close my mind,
and make it through.
Bah, he's turtling again.
Leave him.
Let's go.
So I don't remember what
any of those kids looked like.
Come on, Senpai...
Well? Come on.
Don't tell me you have a crush on me.
N-No...
No way!
Give me a break, Senpai!
N-No, I...
A-All that stuff about having a crush on...
On?
...you aside...
...aside?
Honestly, you tick me off
and get on my nerves.
But I don't... I don't hate it that much.
Talking with you and stuff, miss.
Seriously, that "miss" thing is creepy.
F-Fine then... your name.
Tell me your n-name.
Sure.
"Naga" as in "long," and "toro."
"Toro"?
You write it like this.
Toro.
Call me Nagatoro from now on.
Let's get to know each other, Senpai.
Reflections for today!
Wh-What is that supposed to mean?
Senpai, you looked at my bra.
I d-didn't!
Lies!
What color was it?
I d-didn't see it!
It looks like this. See?